Hello and welcome to the first lesson of the Apache Spark Streaming course.
This lesson covers Spark Streaming DataFrames.
Let's look at the course overview,
we're at the beginning, Streaming DataFrames.
In this lesson, we'll set the foundations of this course by getting hands
on by starting a Spark Cluster and deploying a Spark application,
creating a Spark Streaming DataFrame with
a Kafka source creating and querying a spark view.
Upon completion of lesson one,
you should be able to successfully carry out the following tasks;
start a Spark Cluster and deploy a Spark application,
create a Spark Streaming DataFrame with a Kafka Source,
create a Spark view,
query a Spark view.